Docs: Add graph panel (#24460)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/_index.md

[menu.docs]
identifier = "panels"
weight = 4
+++

# Panel overview

The *panel* is the basic visualization building block in Grafana. Each panel has a query editor specific to the data source selected in the panel. The query editor allows you to extract the perfect visualization to display on the panel.

There are a wide variety of styling and formatting options for each panel. Panels can be dragged and dropped and rearranged on the dashboard. They can also be resized.

## Move panels

You can drag and drop panels by clicking and holding the panel title, then dragging it to its new location. You can also easily resize panels by clicking the (-) and (+) icons.

![](/img/docs/animated_gifs/drag_drop.gif)

## Tips and shortcuts

> * Click the graph title and in the dropdown menu quickly change span or duplicate the panel.

Reviewer: change span (Width) is no longer possible in panel menu (was possible a long time ago). Now you resize panels by the lower right corner

> * Click the Save icon in the menu to save the dashboard with a new name.

Reviewer: this is not correct either, save icon saves the current dashboard with current name (and so does ctrl/cmd+s). To copy dashboard and save with a new name you have to go into dashboard settings and use the "Save As" button. To just change dashboard title you do that via dashboard settings / General , then save normally.

> * Click the Save icon in the menu and then advanced to export the dashboard to json file, or set it as your default dashboard.

Reviewer: Use the share icon to access share modal, not save icon

> * Click the colored icon in the legend to select series color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Click the colored icon in the legend to change series color or y-axis
```

* Click series name in the legend to hide series.

> * Ctrl/Shift/Meta + click legend name to hide other series.

Reviewer: I would add 
* Hover over panel and hit `e` key to open panel edit 
* Hover over panel and hit `v` key to open panel in fullscreen view
